2 Why are you so impulsive?
He's from the Tiger Gang
We can't afford to offend you how dare you
Mom, don't worry.
It's alright, oops, run away
Run as far as possible
Don't blame mom
Run away run away
Mom
You and Dad have lived in a place like this all these years
Mom is not capable
There is really no money at home
Otherwise, we haven't seen you for the past three years
Mom is my dad
I implicated you
You lost weight mom
You are resting at home
I'm going out
Ah!
Dad, come back
You can't beat them
Behind them is the Temple of God
The ten legions of the Temple of God are also surrounded here
Please order the hall master
No one comes out for five minutes
You go in
Yes
Hehe Master Xu
You can come to our Longhu Gang as a guest.
It is really a big surname of our Dragon Tiger Gang
Hey, little brother, I heard that the Dragon Lord of the Temple of Heaven
trance
Cut the crap
What about what I want?
Hey, it's already ready
It's in the freezer.
Keep it carefully
Nice work.
Tomorrow
My daughter's corneal surgery is ready
Ah!
Master, Mr. Wang
Someone spat
What are you yelling about?
Can't you see I'm entertaining guests?
step back
Who ate bear heart and leopard gall?
People who dare to touch our Dragon Tiger Gang
He's just courting death
It's you who are courting death